# Question 16
## Question
* A company hosts a data lake on AWS. The *data lake consists of data in Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL*. The company needs a *reporting solution that provides data visualization and includes all the data sources within the data lake*. Only the company's management team should have full access to all the visualizations. The rest of the company should have only limited access.
* Which solution will meet these requirements?

## Option
* A.Create an analysis in *Amazon QuickSight*. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. Publish dashboards to visualize the data. *Share the dashboards with the appropriate IAM roles*.
* B.Create an analysis in *Amazon QuickSight*. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. Publish dashboards to visualize the data. *Share the dashboards with the appropriate users and groups*.
* C.Create an *AWS Glue table and crawler* for the data in Amazon S3. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to produce reports. Publish the reports to *Amazon S3*. Use *S3 bucket policies* to limit access to the reports.
* D.Create an *AWS Glue table and crawler* for the data in Amazon S3. Use *Amazon Athena Federated Query to access data within Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL*. Generate reports by using Amazon Athena. Publish the reports to *Amazon S3*. Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports.

## Answer
* B.Create an analysis in Amazon QuickSight. Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. Publish dashboards to visualize the data. Share the dashboards with the appropriate users and groups.

## Explanation
1. Option C: AWS Glue + S3 + S3 bucket policies
   * More manual solution
   * Hard to include all data source to implement report
2. Option D: Athena + Glue + Federated Query + S3
   * Same problem as Option C
3. Option A: Quicksight + sharing with IAM roles
   * **Quicksight does not share dashboards directly with IAM roles, but Quicksight users and groups**

## Thinking
* 基本上看到 data visualization 這種字眼，可以先考量：kinesis data streams + amazon athena + amazon quicksight
  * Kinesis 系列主要是用來進行 data stream 等處理
  * Amazon Athena: interactive 的 data query
  * Quicksight: Report + SQL / data visualization
* AWS Glue 是一種 ETL 工具
* 因此可以先把 Option C 和 D 排除，所以剩 Option A & B
* 留意 Quicksight 不能直接通過 IAM roles 來share report 即可