# Question 19
## Question 
* A company has a three-tier web application that is deployed on AWS. The web servers are deployed in a public subnet in a VPC. The application servers and database servers are deployed in private subnets in the same VPC. The company has *deployed a third-party virtual firewall appliance* from AWS Marketplace in an inspection VPC. The appliance is configured with an IP interface that can accept IP packets.
* A solutions architect needs to *integrate the web application with the appliance to inspect all traffic to the application before the traffic reaches the web server*.
* Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

## Option
* A. Create a *Network Load Balancer* in the public subnet of the application's VPC to route the traffc to the appliance for packet inspection
* B. Create an *Application Load Balancer* in the public subnet of the application's VPC to route the traffic to the appliance for packet inspection.
* C. Deploy a *transit gateway* in the inspection VP Configure route tables to route the incoming packets through the transit gateway.
* D.Deploy a *Gateway Load Balancer* in the inspection VPC. Create a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint to receive the incoming packets and forward the packets to the appliance

## Answer 
* D.Deploy a *Gateway Load Balancer* in the inspection VPC. Create a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint to receive the incoming packets and forward the packets to the appliance

## Explanation
* Load Balancer 主要是用來將外來的網路流量自動分配給不同的 backend server，以確保服務的穩定性 & 可擴張性
* AWS 的 Load Balancer 主要分為三種
1. Application Load Balancer (ALB)
   * HTTP / HTTPS traffic
2. Network Load Balancer (NLB)
   * TCP / UDP traffic
3. Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB)
   * third party virtual appliances
* 題目有提到 third-party virtual firewall appliance ，因此選 D
* transit gateway 則是充當 local 端網路與 AWS 網路連結的中間人，使用它雖然也是可以進行網路分配，但是配置的要求比較高，成本比較高
