# Question 27
## Question
* A company is launching a new application and will display application metrics on an Amazon CloudWatch dashboard. The company's product manager needs to access this dashboard periodically. The product manager does not have an AWS account. A solutions architect must provide access to the product manager by following the principle of least privilege.
* Which solution will meet these requirements?

## Options
1. A. Share the dashboard from the CloudWatch console. Enter the product manager’s email address, and complete the sharing steps. Provide a shareable link for the dashboard to the product manager.
2. B.Create an IAM user specifically for the product manager. Attach the CloudWatchReadOnlyAccess AWS managed policy to the user. Share the new login credentials with the product manager. Share the browser URL of the correct dashboard with the product manager.
3. C.Create an IAM user for the company's employees. Attach the ViewOnlyAccess AWS managed policy to the IAM user. Share the new login credentials with the product manager. Ask the product manager to navigate to the CloudWatch console and locate the dashboard by name in the Dashboards section.
4. D.Deploy a bastion server in a public subnet. When the product manager requires access to the dashboard, start the server and share the RDP credentials. On the bastion server, ensure that the browser is configured to open the dashboard URL with cached AWS credentials that have appropriate permissions to view the dashboard.

## Answers
* A. Share the dashboard from the CloudWatch console. Enter the product manager’s email address, and complete the sharing steps. Provide a shareable link for the dashboard to the product manager.

## Explanation
* Amazon CloudWatch supports dashboard sharing via public or limited-share URLs.
* This feature allows you to securely share dashboards with people who do not have AWS accounts, such as external stakeholders or product managers.
* You can limit the share to view-only access, satisfying the principle of least privilege.
* No need to create IAM users, credentials, or provide access to the AWS Console.

## Thinking
* 基本上可以忽略 Option D，因為花費太多，為了讓 PM 可以看報表，然後開一個 bastion host????
* Option C 也可以忽略，因為只是給 PM 一個登入帳密，然後PM 需要先登入，並在 AWS Console 點進去看報表
* Option B 則是給的權限可以讓 PM 除了看報表外，還可以看 Cloudwatch 的其他資源，違反了最少權限原則
* 因此選 Option A