# Question 344
## Question
* A company has a Java application that uses Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to parse messages. The application cannot parse messages that are larger than 256 KB in size. The company wants to implement a solution to give the application the ability to parse messages as large as 50 MB
* Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the code?

## Options
* A.Use the Amazon SQS Extended Client Library for Java to host messages that are larger than 256 KB in Amazon S3.
* B.Use Amazon EventBridge to post large messages from the application instead of Amazon SQS.
* C.Change the limit in Amazon SQS to handle messages that are larger than 256 KB.
* D.Store messages that are larger than 256 KB in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Configure Amazon SQS to reference this location in the messages.

## Answer
* A. Use the Amazon SQS Extended Client Library for Java to host messages that are larger than 256 KB in Amazon S3.

## Explanation
* The Amazon SQS Extended Client Library for Java allows you to send messages larger than 256 KB by storing the message payload in Amazon S3 and sending a reference to that payload in the SQS message. This solution requires minimal changes to the existing code, as it integrates seamlessly with the existing SQS setup while allowing for larger message sizes.
* Option B is incorrect because Amazon EventBridge is not designed to handle large messages in the same way as SQS and would require significant changes to the application.
* Option C is incorrect because Amazon SQS has a hard limit of 256 KB for message size, and this limit cannot be changed.
* Option D is incorrect because SQS does not support native EFS references, integrating it with SQS would require significant changes to the application architecture and message processing logic.