# Question 402
## Question
* A company needs to ingest and handle large amounts of streaming data that its application generates. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances and sends data to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, which is configured with default settings. Every other day, the application consumes the data and writes the data to an Amazon S3 bucket for business intelligence (BI) processing. The company observes that *Amazon S3 is not receiving all the data that the application sends to Kinesis Data Streams*.

* What should a solutions architect do to resolve this issue?

## Options
* A.Update the Kinesis Data Streams default settings by modifying the data retention period.
* B.Update the application to use the Kinesis Producer Library (KPL) to send the data to Kinesis Data Streams.
* C.Update the number of Kinesis shards to handle the throughput of the data that is sent to Kinesis Data Streams.
* D.Turn on S3 Versioning within the S3 bucket to preserve every version of every object that is ingested in the S3 bucket.

## Answer
* A. Update the Kinesis Data Streams default settings by modifying the data retention period.

## Explanation
* By default, **Amazon Kinesis Data Streams retains data for only 24 hours**. Since the application processes the data every other day, **any data that is older than 24 hours would be expired and lost before it’s written to Amazon S3**.
* Option A is correct because increasing the data retention period in Kinesis Data Streams allows the application to consume and write data to S3 without losing any data that is older than 24 hours.
* Option B is incorrect because Kinesis Producer Library (KPL) helps optimize data ingestion (aggregation, retries, batching), but won’t solve data expiration after 24 hours. It addresses throughput efficiency, not retention.
* Option C is incorrect because increasing the number of shards in Kinesis Data Streams does not affect data retention. It only increases the throughput capacity (IO throughput) of the stream.
* Option D is incorrect because turning on S3 Versioning does not prevent data loss from Kinesis Data Streams. It only preserves different versions of objects in S3, but if data is lost in Kinesis, it cannot be recovered by S3 Versioning.