# Question 412
## Question
* An image-hosting company stores its objects in Amazon S3 buckets. The company wants to *avoid accidental exposure of the objects in the S3 buckets to the public*. All S3 *objects in the entire AWS account need to remain private*.
* Which solution will meet these requirements?

## Option
* A.Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor S3 bucket policies. Create an automatic remediation action rule that uses an AWS Lambda function to remediate any change that makes the objects public.
* B.Use AWS Trusted Advisor to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Configure email notifications in Trusted Advisor when a change is detected. Manually change the S3 bucket policy if it allows public access.
* C.Use AWS Resource Access Manager to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a change is detected. Deploy a Lambda function that programmatically remediates the change.
* D.Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users from changing the setting. Apply the SCP to the account.

## Answer
* ✅ D. Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users from changing the setting. Apply the SCP to the account.

## Explanation
* Block Public Access at the account level: Prevents all public ACLs and bucket policies from being applied, regardless of individual bucket settings.
* Service Control Policy (SCP): Prevent changes to setting, ensuring no one (not even administrators) can accidentally make S3 buckets public.

* Why other options are incorrect:
  * Option A: GuardDuty is primarily for threat detection, not for preventing public access. It does not automatically remediate changes. (cannot ensure all objects remain private, only detect changes)
  * Option B: Trusted Advisor provides insights but does not prevent public access. Manual intervention is required, which is not efficient. 
  * Option C: AWS Resource Access Manager is not designed for monitoring S3 bucket policies. SNS and Lambda can help, but it does not provide a comprehensive solution like S3 Block Public Access.

1. Resource Access Manager (RAM)
   * Securely share AWS resources across AWS accounts, organizational units, or AWS Organizations.
2. Trusted Advisor
   * Provides real-time guidance to help provision your resources following AWS best practices.
   * Checks for service limits, cost optimization, performance, security, and fault toleranc
3. GuardDuty
   * Threat detection service that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior.
* 題目是要進行預防性措施，但 Option A、B、C 都是事後處理，並不能確保所有物件都保持私有。
* Option D 在最一開始就直接透過 Policy 來避免任何人（包括管理員）更改 S3 的設定，這樣就能確保所有物件都保持私有。