# Question 468
## Question
A company is developing a microservices application that will provide a search catalog
for customers. The company must use REST APIs to present the frontend of the
application to users. The REST APIs must access the backend services that the company
hosts in containers in private VPC subnets.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

## Options
* A. Design a WebSocket API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a private VPC link for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.
* B. Design a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a private VPC link for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.
* C. Design a WebSocket API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a security group for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.
* D. Design a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a security group for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.

## Answer
* B. Design a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a private VPC link for API Gateway to access Amazon ECS.

## Explanation
* *WebSocket APIs are used for real-time, two-way communication*, which is not required for a search catalog application that primarily uses REST APIs. (題目指出使用 REST APIs)
* Therefore, options A and C are not suitable
* Options D is incorrect because API Gateway cannot directly access resources in a private subnet with security groups alone. A private VPC link is required to connect API Gateway to resources in a private subnet.