# Question 479

## Question
* A company is *making a prototype of the infrastructure for its new website by manually provisioning the necessary infrastructure*. This infrastructure includes an Auto Scaling group, an Application Load Balancer and an Amazon RDS database. AAfter the configuration has been thoroughly validated, the company *wants the capability to immediately deploy the infrastructure for development* and production use in two Availability Zones in an automated fashion.
* What should a solution

## Options
* A.Use AWS Systems Manager to replicate and provision the prototype infrastructure in two Availability Zones
* B.Define the infrastructure as a template by using the prototype infrastructure as a guide. Deploy the infrastructure with AWS CloudFormation.
* C.Use AWS Config to record the inventory of resources that are used in the prototype infrastructure. Use AWS Config to deploy the prototype infrastructure into two Availability Zones.
* D.Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk and configure it to use an automated reference to the prototype infrastructure to automatically deploy new environments in two Availability Zones.

## Answer
* B. Define the infrastructure as a template by using the prototype infrastructure as a guide. Deploy the infrastructure with AWS CloudFormation.

## Explanation
1. AWS Systems Manager
   * AWS Systems Manager is used for managing and automating operational tasks across AWS resources, not for deploying infrastructure for development and production use.
2. AWS Config
   * Used for monitoring and auditing AWS resource configurations, not a deployment tool.
3. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
   * Beanstalk is a platform-as-a-service (PaaS) offering that abstracts the infrastructure design / setup. Not designed to deploy existing custom infrastructure like RDS, ALB, and Auto Scaling groups as defined outside Beanstalk. 

## Thinking
* 這邊主要是在想 Option B 和 D
* 想法是：用 Option B 是 User 先定義 Application 的架構 & 所需要用的資源，然後講以上資源需求寫成 YAML / JSON，然後再使用 CloudFormation 進行部署
* Option D 則是透過 Elastic Beanstalk 來進行自動部署 (Serverless)，aka 所有東西 / 配置都交給 AWS 來處理 （忽略了公司已經手動部署了一部分的基礎架構）