# Question 485
## Questions
* A company is looking for a solution that can store video archives in AWS from old news footage. The company needs to minimize costs and will *rarely need to restore these files*. When the files are needed, they must be *available in a maximum of five minutes*.
* What is the MOST cost-effective solution?

## Options
* A. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 Glacier and use Expedited retrievals.
* B. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 Glacier and use Standard retrievals.
* C. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA).
* D. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA).

## Answers
* A. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 Glacier and use Expedited retrievals.

## Explanations
1. B. S3 Glacier + Standard Retrievals
   * Standard retrievals can take 3-5 hours, which does not meet the requirement of being available in a maximum of five minutes.
2. C. S3 Standard-IA   
    * S3 Standard-IA is designed for data that is accessed less frequently but requires rapid access when needed. However, it is more expensive than S3 Glacier.
3. D. S3 One Zone-IA
    * S3 One Zone-IA is less expensive than S3 Standard-IA but does not provide the same level of durability and availability. It is not suitable for data that needs to be available quickly.
    * It is still more expensive than S3 Glacier, which is designed for long-term archival storage.


## Thinking
* 看到 rarely need to restore ，基本上可以排除 Option C 和 D，因為它們使用的 S3-Standard-IA 和 S3 One Zone-IA 同 Option A 和 B 的 S3 Glacier 比都更貴
* 問題是不確定 Expedited Retrievals 與 Standard Retrievals 之間的差別