# Question 500
## Questions
* A company has *multiple Windows file servers on premises*. The company wants to *migrate and consolidate its files into an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system*. *File permissions must be preserved* to ensure that access rights do not change.
* Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

## Options
* A.Deploy AWS DataSync agents on premises. Schedule DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system.
* B.Copy the shares on each file server into Amazon S3 buckets by using the AWS CLI. Schedule AWS DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system.
* C.Remove the drives from each file server. Ship the drives to AWS for import into Amazon S3. Schedule AWS DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system.
* D.Order an AWS Snowcone device. Connect the device to the on-premises network. Launch AWS DataSync agents on the device. Schedule DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system.
* E.Order an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device. Connect the device to the on-premises network. Copy data to the device by using the AWS CLI. Ship the device back to AWS for import into Amazon S3. Schedule AWS DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system.

## Answer 
* A. Deploy AWS DataSync agents on premises. Schedule DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system.
* D. Order an AWS Snowcone device. Connect the device to the on-premises network. Launch AWS DataSync agents on the device. Schedule DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system.

## Explanations
1. A. AWS DataSync agents on premises
   * Supports SMB protocol, which is used by Windows file servers
   * Perserves metadata and ACLs 
2. D. AWS Snowcone device
   * Can be connected to the on-premises network
   * Allows launching AWS DataSync agents on the device
   * Supports transferring data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system

## Why Options B, C, and E are incorrect
1. B. Copy shares to S3 using SLI
   * AWS CLI copy to S3 does not preserve NTFS permissions
   * Requires additional steps to convert data for FSx migration
2. C. Remove drives and ship to AWS
   * Not practical for file server migration
3. E. AWS Snowball Edge
   * Snowball Edge can be used for large data transfers, but it also requires additional steps to ensure metadata and permissions are preserved.

## Thinking
* 看到需要將檔案從 on-premises 搬到 AWS 的情境，基本上可以先選 DataSync (Option A)
* 然後就是看 Option A 要和 Option B-E 如何搭配在一起
* 然後 Option C 的內容完全看不懂，所以排除
* Option B 則覺得有點多走一步，既然先安裝 DataSync 了，為甚麼不直接透過 DataSync 直接進行檔案搬移呢？
* 那時候是選了 E，主要是考量 Snowball edge 可以不需要通過物理手段進行資料搬移 
* 但問題是 Snowball edge 的資料先搬到 S3 的時候並沒有保留 NTFS 等相關的設定