# Question 528
## Question
* A data analytics company wants to *migrate its batch processing system to AWS*. The company *receives thousands of small data files periodically during the day through FTP*. An on-premises *batch job processes the data files overnight*. However, the batch job *takes hours* to finish running.
* The company wants the AWS solution to process incoming data files as soon as possible with *minimal changes to the FTP clients that send the files*. The solution must delete the incoming data files after the files have been processed successfully. Processing for each file needs to take 3-8 minutes.
* Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?

## Option
* A. Use an *Amazon EC2 instance* that runs an FTP server to store incoming files as objects in Amazon *S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval*. Configure a job queue in *AWS Batch*. Use *Amazon EventBridge* rules to invoke the job to process the objects nightly from S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Delete the objects after the job has processed the objects.
* B. Use an *Amazon EC2 instance* that runs an FTP server to store incoming files on an *Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume*. Configure a job queue in *AWS Batch*. Use *Amazon EventBridge* rules to invoke the job to process the files nightly from the EBS volume. Delete the files after the job has processed the files.
* C. Use *AWS Transfer Family* to create an FTP server to store incoming files on an *Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume*. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use an *Amazon S3 event notification* when each file arrives to invoke the job in AWS Batch. Delete the files after the job has processed the files.
* D. Use *AWS Transfer Family* to create an FTP server to store incoming files in *Amazon S3 Standard*. Create an *AWS Lambda function* to process the files and to delete the files after they are processed. Use an *S3 event notification* to invoke the Lambda function when the files arrive.

## Answer
* D. Use *AWS Transfer Family* to create an FTP server to store incoming files in *Amazon S3 Standard*. Create an *AWS Lambda function* to process the files and to delete the files after they are processed. Use an *S3 event notification* to invoke the Lambda function when the files arrive.

## Explanation
1 Option A: EC2 + Glacier + AWS Batch & Amazon EventBridge 
    * S3 Glacier 是用來處理舊有文件，與題目的需求不符 
    * 使用者需要額外新增 EC2 instance 來專門處理，並不高效
2. Option B: EC2 + EBS + AWS Batch
    * EC2 instance 與前面一致
    * 另外開一個 EBS 也需要額外處理 
3. Option C: Transfer Family + EBS + Batch 
    * 原因與 1，2一致
* AWS Lambda 可以處理 10GB memory 的檔案，處理時間最大為 15 分鐘，因此蠻符合題目需求