# Question 583
## Question
* A company has 5 PB of archived data on physical tapes. The company needs to preserve the data on the tapes for another 10 years for compliance purposes. The company wants to migrate to AWS in the next 6 months. The data center that stores the tapes has a 1 Gbps uplink internet connectivity.
* Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

## Option
* A. Read the data from the tapes on premises. Stage the data in a local NFS storage. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval.
* B. Use an on-premises backup application to read the data from the tapes and to write directly to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
* C. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices that have Tape Gateway. Copy the physical tapes to virtual tapes in Snowball. Ship the Snowball devices to AWS. Create a lifecycle policy to move the tapes to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
* D. Configure an on-premises Tape Gateway. Create virtual tapes in the AWS Cloud. Use backup software to copy the physical tape to the virtual tape.

## Answer
* C. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices that have Tape Gateway. Copy the physical tapes to virtual tapes in Snowball. Ship the Snowball devices to AWS. Create a lifecycle policy to move the tapes to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.

## Explanation
* 5 PB of data is very large — transferring over a 1 Gbps uplink would take months and incur high bandwidth cost and risk delays
* 所以基本上使用非網路的方式來進行傳輸會比較好，基本上就只有 Snowball device 使用非網路，其他 Option (A, B, D) 都是用 Network