# Question 601
## Question
* A company runs its critical database on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. The company wants to *migrate to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL with minimal downtime and data loss*.
* Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

## Options
* A.Create a DB snapshot of the RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance to populate a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
* B.Create an Aurora read replica of the RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Promote the Aurora read replicate to a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
* C.Use data import from Amazon S3 to migrate the database to an Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.
* D.Use the pg_dump utility to back up the RDS for PostgreSQL database. Restore the backup to a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.

## Answer
* B. Create an Aurora read replica of the RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Promote the Aurora read replicate to a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.

## Explanation
1. A. DB snapshots
   *  DB snapshot are static, do not support continuous replication, experience downtime and possible data loss
2. C. S3 import
   * Import works for initial load, but not live, ongoing replication - not suitable for minimal downtime
3. D. pg_dump / pg_restore 
   * pg_dump is manual, time-consuming
4. B. Read Replica
   * Create an Aurora read replica from RDS for PostgreSQL instance
   * AWS automatically replicates data to the Aurora cluster
   * Once replica is caught up, promote the aurora read replica to a standalone cluster
   * Point your application to the new Aurora Endpoint

## Thinking
* 基本上不會是 Option C, Option D
* 唯一是在 Option A, Option B 在選
* 那時候想到 Option A 的 snapshots 只有存 DB 資料的改變，可能不太適合儲存全部DB 資料，因此選了 Option B
 
