# Question 606
## Question
* A solutions architect is designing an application that will allow business users to upload objects to Amazon S3. The solution needs to *maximize object durability*. Objects also must be *readily available at any time and for any length of time*. Users will *access objects frequently within the first 30 days after the objects are uploaded, but users are much less likely to access objects that are older than 30 days*.
* Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

## Options
* A. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 Glacier after 30 days.
* B. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days.
* C. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days.
* D. Store all the objects in S3 Intelligent-Tiering with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days.

## Answers
* B. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days.

## Explanation
1. A. S3 Standard -> (S3 Lifecycle) S3 Glacier 
   * Glacier is for archival storage - it has retrieval delays
   * Not suitable as objects must be read available at any time and for any length of time
   * Expedited (1-5 min), Standard (3-5 hour), Bulk (5-12 hour)
2. C. S3 Standard -> S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
   * Less durable — data is stored in only one Availability Zone, not recommended if you want maximum durability.
3. D. S3 Intelligent-Tiering -> Lifecycle S3 Standard-IA
   * Redundant — Intelligent-Tiering already transitions objects automatically based on access patterns.
   * Adding a manual lifecycle rule is unnecessary and more complex.

## Thinking
* 基本上不會選 Option C，因為 Option C 的 One Zone-IA 有可能因為儲存的 Zone 出現問題，而導致無法儲存，不符合 durability
* Option D 看起來有點重複，因為 S3 Intelligent-Tiering 本來就會根據 Object 的存取頻率而決定該 object 使用哪一種 S3 儲存種類，而 Lifecycle rule 則是直接硬性規定儲存方式，很怪
* 所以是 Option A, Option B 在選，忽略了 S3 Glacier 是需要存取時間了...