# Question 610
## Question
* A company deploys Amazon EC2 instances that run in a VPC. The *EC2 instances load source data into Amazon S3 buckets so that the data can be processed in the future*. According to compliance laws, *the data must not be transmitted over the public internet*. Servers in the company's on-premises data center will consume the output from an application that runs on the EC2 instances.
* Which solution will meet these requirements?

## Option
* A.Deploy an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon EC2. Create an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the company and the VPC.
* B.Deploy a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises network and the VPC.
* C.Set up an AWS Transit Gateway connection from the VPC to the S3 buckets. Create an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the company and the VPC.
* D.Set up proxy EC2 instances that have routes to NAT gateways. Configure the proxy EC2 instances to fetch S3 data and feed the application instances.

## Answer
* B.Deploy a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises network and the VPC.

## Explanation
1. A. Interface VPC endpoint for EC2
   * There is no such thing. EC2 does not support VPC endpoints because EC2 is already inside the VPC.
2. C. Transit Gateway + VPN
   * Transit Gateway does not connect directly to S3. It’s also more complex and expensive than needed for this use case.
3. D. Proxy EC2 + NAT Gateway
   * This would still involve the public internet, especially via the NAT Gateway. So it violates the compliance requirement.
4. B. Gateway VPC endpoint + AWS Direct Connection
   * Gateway VPC Endpoint for Amazon S3 ensures that traffic from EC2 to S3 stays within the AWS network
   * AWS Direct Connect provides a private, dedicated network connection between the company's on-premises data center and the VPC 

## Thinking
* VPC Endpoint 主要是允許 EC2 instances 可以直接連結 VPC (不需要透過公共網路)
  * Interface Endpoint (most AWS Service)
  * Gateway Endpoint (Amazon S3, Amazon DynamoDB)