# Question 614
## Question
* A company is designing a new multi-tier web application that consists of the following components:
  * Web and application servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances as part of Auto Scaling groups 
  * An Amazon RDS DB instance for data storage
* A solutions architect needs to limit access to the application servers so that only the web servers can access them.
* Which solution will meet these requirements?

## Option
* A.Deploy AWS PrivateLink in front of the application servers. Configure the network ACL to allow only the web servers to access the application servers.
* B.Deploy a VPC endpoint in front of the application servers. Configure the security group to allow only the web servers to access the application servers.
* C.Deploy a Network Load Balancer with a target group that contains the application servers' Auto Scaling group. Configure the network ACL to allow only the web servers to access the application servers.
* D.Deploy an Application Load Balancer with a target group that contains the application servers' Auto Scaling group. Configure the security group to allow only the web servers to access the application servers

## Answer
* D. Deploy an Application Load Balancer with a target group that contains the application servers' Auto Scaling group. Configure the security group to allow only the web servers to access the application servers

## Explantion
1. A. AWS PrivateLink + Network ACLs
   * PrivateLink is for exposing services across VPCs, not for access control within a single-tiered application. Also, network ACLs are stateless and harder to manage securely than security groups.
2. B. VPC Endpoint
   * VPC endpoints are for accessing AWS services (like S3, DynamoDB) from a VPC — not for connecting EC2 instances within your VPC.
3. C. Network Load Balancer (NLBs)
   * NLB works at Layer 4 (TCP), and it’s generally used for low-latency, high-throughput applications. But for typical web and app communication, ALB (Layer 7) is more suitable.

## Thinking
* 看到 Web and application servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances as part of Auto Scaling groups，基本上應該使用 Application Load Balancer，用 Network Load Balancer 的主要情境為 看到 UDP / TCP 這種字眼，所以基本上 Option C 不對
* 然後 Option B 不對的原因是：VPC Endpoint 的主要使用情境是讓 VPC 可以連結 AWS Services (例如：S3，DynamoDB)
* 主要是 Option A 和 Option D 在選