# Question 62
* A company is deploying a new public web application to AWS. The application will run behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The application needs to be *encrypted at the edge with an SSL/TLS certificate that is issued by an external certificate authority (CA)*.
* The certificate must be *rotated each year* before the certificate expires.
* What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

## Option
* A. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate
* B. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate. Import the key material from the certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALUse the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate.
* C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) Private Certificate Authority to issue an SSL/TLS certificate from the root CA. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate.
* D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to import an SSL/TLS certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send a notification when the certificate is nearing expiration. Rotate the certificate manually.

## Answer
* D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to import an SSL/TLS certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send a notification when the certificate is nearing expiration. Rotate the certificate manually.

## Explanation
* The company must use a certificate from an external certificate authority (CA). This means AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) cannot issue a new certificate. Instead, the externally issued certificate must be imported into ACM
* Once the certificate is imported, it can be easily applied to the Application Load Balancer (ALB). However, *ACM's managed renewal feature only works for certificates it issues itself*, not for imported certificates. Therefore, the renewal process must be manual.
* To facilitate this manual rotation, ACM integrates with Amazon EventBridge (formerly Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send an event when an imported certificate is nearing its expiration date. A solutions architect can create a rule in EventBridge to trigger a notification (e.g., via Amazon SNS or an email) a specified number of days before the certificate expires, reminding them to obtain a new certificate from the external CA and import it into ACM.