# Question 68
## Question
* A solutions architect is designing a new hybrid architecture to extend a company's *on-premises infrastructure to AWS*. The company requires a *highly available connection with consistent low latency to an AWS Region*. The company needs to *minimize costs and is willing to accept slower traffic if the primary connection fails*.
* What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

## Option
* A. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. Provision a VPN connection as a backup if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.
* B. Provision a VPN tunnel connection to a Region for private connectivity. Provision a second VPN tunnel for private connectivity and as a backup if the primary VPN connection fails.
* C. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. Provision a second Direct Connect connection to the same Region as a backup if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.
* D. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. Use the Direct Connect failover attiribute from the AWS CLI to automatically create a backup connection if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.

## Answer
* A. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. Provision a VPN connection as a backup if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.

## Explanation
* Requirements:
  1. Highly available connection with consistent low latency
  2. Minimize Costs
  3. Accept slower traffic if the primary connection fails
1. A. *AWS Direct Connect connection* to a Region + *VPN connection* if the primary connect connection fails
   * AWS Direct Connect connection provides a dedicated, private network connection from the on-premises data center to AWS
   * VPN connection is a cost-effective backup solution
   * If the direct connection fails, traffic will fail over to the VPN connection. VPN will have higher latency and less consistent
2. B. Provisioning *two VPN tunnel*
   * Not meet the requirement for consistent low latency
   * Both VPN tunnels would use the public internet, and their performance would be subject to internet traffic conditions.
3. C. Provisioning *two Direct Connect connections*
   * It can provide highly available connection with consistent low latency
   * But would not minimize costs
   * Two Direct Connect connections represent a significant financial commitment
4. D. Using a Direct Connection failover attribute
   * No such "Direct Connect failover attribute" from the AWS CLI that automatically creates a backup connection