# Question 70
## Question
* A company runs a shopping application that uses Amazon DynamoDB to store customer information. In case of data corruption, a solutions architect needs to design a solution that meets a recovery point objective (RPO) of 15 minutes and a recovery time objective (RTO) of 1 hour.
* What should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

## Option
* A. Configure DynamoDB global tables. For RPO recovery, point the application to a different AWS Region.
* B. Configure DynamoDB point-in-time recovery. For RPO recovery, restore to the desired point in time.
* C.Export the DynamoDB data to Amazon S3 Glacier on a daily basis. For RPO recovery, import the data from S3 Glacier to DynamoDB.
* D.Schedule Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots for the DynamoDB table every 15 minutes. For RPO recovery, restore the DynamoDB table by using the EBS snapshot.

## Answer
* B. Configure *DynamoDB point-in-time recovery*. For RPO recovery, restore to the *desired point in time*.

## Explanation
1. A. Configure *DynamoDB global tables*. For RPO recovery, point the application to a *different AWS Region*.
   * Global tables: Disaster recovery solution for regional outages
   * Different AWS Region: 
2. C. Export the DynamoDB data to *Amazon S3 Glacier* on a daily basis. For RPO recovery, import the data from *S3 Glacier to DynamoDB*.
   * daily basis would result in potential data loss up to 24 hours
   * Restoring data from Amazon S3 Glacier is multi-hour process, not meet 1 hour RTO
3. D. Schedule *Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots* for the DynamoDB table every 15 minutes. For RPO recovery, restore the DynamoDB table by using the *EBS snapshot*.
   * DynamoDB is a serverless service and does not have an underlying Amazon EBS volume that you can take snapshots of
4. B. Configure DynamoDB point-in-time recovery. For RPO recovery, restore to the desired point in time.
   * Point-in-time recovery (PITR) provides continuous backups of your DynamoDB table with a granularity of seconds



* RPO (Recovery Point Objective)
  * Defines the maximum amount of data loss or organization can tolerate a disaster
* RTO (Recovery Time Objective)
  * Defines the maximum amount of time a business process or system can be down after a disaster before it causes significant damage

## Thinking
* 就 Option B 和 Option D 之間在選 