# Question 709
## Question
* A company has an organization in AWS Organizations. The company runs Amazon EC2 instances across four AWS accounts in the root organizational unit (OU). There are three nonproduction accounts and one production account. The company wants to *prohibit users from launching EC2 instances of a certain size in the nonproduction accounts*. The company has created a service control policy (SCP) to deny access to launch instances that use the prohibited types.
* Which solutions to deploy the SCP will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

## Option
* A. Attach the SCP to the root OU for the organization.
* B. Attach the SCP to the three nonproduction Organizations member accounts.
* C.Attach the SCP to the Organizations management account.
* D.Create an OU for the production account. Attach the SCP to the OU. Move the production member account into the new OU.
* E.Create an OU for the required accounts. Attach the SCP to the OU. Move the nonproduction member accounts into the new OU.

## Answers
* B. Attach the SCP to the three nonproduction Organizations member accounts.
* E. Create an OU for the required accounts. Attach the SCP to the OU. Move the nonproduction member accounts into the new OU.

## Evaluation
* *Service Control Policies (SCPs)* are used in AWS Organizations to limit the permissions available to member accounts, even if an IAM policy allows them. Key concepts:
  * SCPs apply only to member accounts, not to the management account
  * SCPs attached to OUs apply to all accounts inside the OU.
  * SCPs do not grant permissions — they only restrict.

1. A. Attach the SCP to the root OU for the organization.
   * This would *apply the restrictions to all accounts, including production, which is not desired*. (prohibit users who using nonproduction accounts)
2. B. Attach the SCP to the three nonproduction Organizations member accounts.
   * Directly targets only the nonproduction accounts, production account is excluded, which is desired
   * However, it is hard to scale if many accounts is accquired
3. C. Attach the SCP to the Organizations management account.
   * SCPs do not apply to the management (root) account
4. D. Create an OU for the production account. Attach the SCP to the OU.
   * This would apply the SCP to production...
5. E. Create an OU for the required accounts. Attach the SCP to the OU. Move the nonproduction member accounts into the new OU 



