# Question 710
## Question
* A company’s website hosted on Amazon EC2 instances processes classied data stored in Amazon S3. Due to security concerns, the company requires a *private and secure connection* between its EC2 resources and Amazon S3.
* Which solution meets these requirements?

## Option
* A.Set up S3 bucket policies to allow access from a VPC endpoint.
* B.Set up an IAM policy to grant read-write access to the S3 bucket.
* C.Set up a NAT gateway to access resources outside the private subnet.
* D.Set up an access key ID and a secret access key to access the S3 bucket.

## Answer 
* A. Set up S3 bucket policies to allow access from a VPC endpoint

## Explanation
1. A. **S3 Bucket policies + VPC endpoint**
   * VPC Endpoint allow user privately connect VPC to supported AWS serviec and VPC endpoint services powered by PrivateLink without requiring an internet gateway.
   * Means that traffic between EC2 instance and S3 will stay within the AWS network
2. B. IAM policy
   * IAM policy is about authorization - defining who can access what
   * Does not establish a private connection. Means that the data would likely traverse the public internet
3. C. NAT Gateway
   * NAT Gateway allows instances in a private subnet to connect the internet or other AWS resource outside the VPC
   * Still involves routing traffic through the public Internet
4. D. Access key ID & access key
   * For programmatic access to AWS services (authenticating requests)
   * Do not dictate the network path of the connection
 