# Question 728
## Question 
* A company has an on-premises data center that is running out of storage capacity. The company wants to *migrate its storage infrastructure to AWS* while minimizing bandwidth costs. The solution must allow for *immediate retrieval of data at no additional cost*.
* How can these requirements be met? 

## Option
* A.Deploy Amazon S3 Glacier Vault and enable expedited retrieval. Enable provisioned retrieval capacity for the workload.
* B.Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using cached volumes. Use Storage Gateway to store data in Amazon S3 while retaining copies of frequently accessed data subsets locally.
* C.Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using stored volumes to store data locally. Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of the data to Amazon S3.
* D.Deploy AWS Direct Connect to connect with the on-premises data center. Configure AWS Storage Gateway to store data locally. Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of the data to Amazon S3.

## Answer
* C.Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using stored volumes to store data locally. Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of the data to Amazon S3.


## Explanation
1. A. Amazon S3 Glacier Vault (w/ expedited retrieval)
   * Glacier is not ideal for immediate retrieval
   * Even expedited retrieval incurs extra cost and latency (1-3 mins)
   * Not suited to workloads needing frequent or immediate access
2. B. Storage Gateway (cached volumes)
   * Stores data primarily in S3, only caches frequently accessed data locally.
   * This means some data may need to be fetched from S3, incurring data retrieval costs and latency.
3. **C. Storage Gateway (stored volumes)**
   * Keep a complete copy of data on-premises, satisfying the need for immediate retrieval with no additional cost.
   * Asynchronous backups to Amazon S3 reduce the amount of data transferred at any one time, minimizing bandwidth usage and cost.
4. D. Storage Gateway + Direct Connect
   * While Direct Connect reduces latency and bandwidth variability, it does not reduce costs by itself.
   * Also, Direct Connect is an additional infrastructure cost, which isn’t necessary just to minimize bandwidth usage.

## Thinking
* Option A 不對的原因是：Glacier 系列主要是處理歷史資料/Log 的儲存，沒有辦法進行即時資料存取，就算用 Expedited Retrieval，至少需要1-3分鐘才能存取到相關資料，更何況每次存取均需要錢，不符合題目需求


## Reference
* 這一題 Gemini 選 B，ChatGPT 選 C
