# Question 743
## Question
* To meet security requirements, a company needs to *encrypt all of its application data in transit* while communicating with an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. A recent security audit revealed that *encryption at rest is enabled using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS), but data in transit is not enabled*.
* What should a solutions architect do to satisfy the security requirements?

## Option
* A. Enable IAM database authentication on the database.
* B. Provide self-signed certificates. Use the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance.
* C. Take a snapshot of the RDS instance. Restore the snapshot to a new instance with encryption enabled.
* D. Download AWS-provided root certificates. Provide the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance.


## Answer
* D. Download AWS-provided root certificates. Provide the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance.


## Explanation
1. B. Provide self-signed certificates. Use the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance. 
   * While self-signed certificates can be used for encryption, they are generally *not recommended for production environments where trust and authenticity are critical*.
   * Self-signed certificates lack the chain of trust established by Certificate Authorities (CAs), making them vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks unless the client explicitly trusts that specific self-signed certificate.
   * AWS provides its own mechanism for secure connections to RDS.
2. **D. Download AWS-provided root certificates. Provide the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance.**
   * *AWS RDS instances support SSL/TLS connections.* To establish a secure, encrypted connection to an RDS MySQL instance, the client application needs to trust the certificate presented by the RDS instance.
   * AWS provides root certificates (issued by a Certificate Authority that AWS uses) that client applications can download and use to verify the identity of the RDS instance and encrypt the data in transit.


## Thinking
* 先排除 Option A 和 Option C
* Option C 的複製 RDS Snapshot，然後再新增 RDS Snapshot 在新的加密 instance，其實只有解決 encryption at rest 的問題，並沒有解決 encryption at transit 的問題
* Option A 的 IAM Authentication，其實只是透過 IAM 的身份進行認證，但是沒有明確解決 encryption at transit
* 需留意 Option D：RDS instance support SSL / TLS connection，因此解決了 encryption at transit 
* 那時候選 B 就是因為忘記了上面...