# Question 748
## Question
* A company uses an organization in AWS Organizations to manage AWS accounts that contain applications. The company sets up a dedicated monitoring member account in the organization. The company wants to *query and visualize observability data across the accounts by using Amazon CloudWatch*.
* Which solution will meet these requirements?

## Option
* A. Enable CloudWatch cross-account observability for the monitoring account. Deploy an AWS CloudFormation template provided by the monitoring account in each AWS account to share the data with the monitoring account.
* B. Set up service control policies (SCPs) to provide access to CloudWatch in the monitoring account under the Organizations root organizational unit (OU).
* C. Configure a new IAM user in the monitoring account. In each AWS account, configure an IAM policy to have access to query and visualize the CloudWatch data in the account. Attach the new IAM policy to the new IAM user.
* D.Create a new IAM user in the monitoring account. Create cross-account IAM policies in each AWS account. Attach the IAM policies to the new IAM user.

## Answer
* A. Enable CloudWatch cross-account observability for the monitoring account. Deploy an AWS CloudFormation template provided by the monitoring account in each AWS account to share the data with the monitoring account.

## Explanation
* This is the purpose-built solution for this exact scenario. AWS CloudWatch has a dedicated feature called *cross-account observability* that allows you to centrally monitor and troubleshoot applications spanning multiple accounts.
* Why Other Options Are Incorrect:
  1. B. Service Control Policies (SCPs) are used to set maximum permissions for accounts within an organization.
  2. C. This is an overly complex and insecure solution. It would require you to create a user in the monitoring account and then manually set up IAM policies in every single source account to grant that user access to query data. This doesn't scale and is prone to errors.
  3. D. This option is also inefficient and complex. Creating a new IAM user and then attaching cross-account IAM policies in each account is a manual, non-scalable process. It also doesn't provide a unified, centralized dashboard. The user would still have to interact with each account individually.