# Question 772
## Question
* A company built an application with Docker containers and needs to run the application in the AWS Cloud. The company wants to use a managed service to host the application.
* The solution must *scale in and out appropriately* according to demand on the individual container services. The solution also must *not result in additional operational overhead or infrastructure to manage*.
* Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

## Option
* A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate.
* B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate.
* C. Provision an Amazon API Gateway API. Connect the API to AWS Lambda to run the containers.
* D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.
* E. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.

## Answer
* A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate.
* B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate.

## Explanation
1. A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate.
2. B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate.
3. C. Provision an Amazon API Gateway API. Connect the API to AWS Lambda to run the containers.
   * *Limitation*: While **Lambda can run containers, it's designed for event-driven, short-lived functions**. For a general "application" (especially if it involves long-running processes, complex networking, or stateful components within the container itself that are typical of many containerized applications), **Lambda's execution duration limits (currently 15 minutes) and execution model might not be suitable**.
4. D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.
   * Requires user to manage the EC2 worker nodes.
5. E. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.
   * Requires user to manage the EC2 worker nodes.

## Thinking
* 題目其實已經有提到 not result in additional operational overhead，所以基本上需要選擇 serverless 的 solution (統一由 AWS 管理)
* 所以基本上排除 Option D，Option E，因為使用者需要自行管理 EC2 worker nodes
* Option C 也不選的原因是：Lambda 主要是處理 event-driven，時間性比較短的功能（10GB memory, 15分鐘限制)，但題目是需要 host application，所以不太適合
* 然後 Option A, Option B 的 Fargate 與題目符合