# Question 783
## Question
* A company maintains its accounting records in a custom application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs to migrate the data to an AWS managed service for development and maintenance of the application data. 
* The solution must require minimal operational support and provide immutable, cryptographically veriable logs of data changes.
* Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?


## Option
* A. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Redshift cluster.
* B. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Neptune cluster.
* C. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Timestream database.
* D. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) ledger.


## Answer
* D. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) ledger.


## Explanation
1. A. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Redshift cluster.
   * *Amazon Redshift is a data warehouse service optimized for large-scale analytical queries*.
   * While it is a managed service, it is not designed to provide a cryptographically verifiable and immutable log of every data change. 
2. B. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Neptune cluster.
   * *Amazon Neptune is a managed graph database service*.
   * designed for applications that work with highly connected data, such as social networks or fraud detection.
3. C. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Timestream database.
   * *Amazon Timestream is a fast, scalable, and serverless time-series database*. 
   * It is optimized for storing and analyzing time-series data from IoT devices, IT applications, etc.

## Thinking
* 不會是 Option A，是因為 Redshift 是 data warehousing service，專門處理大量數據的分析
* 不會是 Option B，是因為 Neptune 是一個 grpah database，不太適合處理 accounting records
* 
* 

