# Question 828
## Question
* A financial services company that runs on AWS has designed its security controls to meet industry standards. The industry standards include the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
* The company's third-party auditors need proof that the designed controls have been implemented and are functioning correctly. The company has hundreds of AWS accounts in a single organization in AWS Organizations. The company needs to *monitor the current state of the controls across accounts*.
* Which solution will meet these requirements?


## Option
* A. Designate one account as the Amazon Inspector delegated administrator account from the Organizations management account. Integrate Inspector with Organizations to discover and scan resources across all AWS accounts. Enable Inspector industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.
* B. Designate one account as the Amazon GuardDuty delegated administrator account from the Organizations management account. In the designated GuardDuty administrator account, enable GuardDuty to protect all member accounts. Enable GuardDuty industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.
* C. Configure an AWS CloudTrail organization trail in the Organizations management account. Designate one account as the compliance account. Enable CloudTrail security standards for NIST and PCI DSS in the compliance account.
* D. Designate one account as the AWS Security Hub delegated administrator account from the Organizations management account. In the designated Security Hub administrator account, enable Security Hub for all member accounts. Enable Security Hub standards for NIST and PCI DSS.

## Answer
* D. Designate one account as the AWS Security Hub delegated administrator account from the Organizations management account. In the designated Security Hub administrator account, enable Security Hub for all member accounts. Enable Security Hub standards for NIST and PCI DSS.


## Explanation 
* A. Designate one account as the **Amazon Inspector** delegated administrator account... Enable Inspector industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.
  * Amazon Inspector is a *vulnerability management service that focuses on scanning EC2 instances and container images for software vulnerabilities and network exposure*. 
  * Not the solution to monitor the current state of the controls across accounts for multiple standards
* B. Designate one account as the **Amazon GuardDuty** delegated administrator account... Enable GuardDuty industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.
  * Amazon GuardDuty is a *threat detection service*. Its primary purpose is to continuously *monitor for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior*. 
  * Does not have built-in "industry standards" for NIST or PCI DSS that audit the configuration of controls.
* C. Configure an AWS CloudTrail organization trail... Enable CloudTrail security standards for NIST and PCI DSS in the compliance account.
  * AWS CloudTrail *records API calls and user activity*. It is a *foundational service for logging and auditing*, and its logs are a crucial input for other services like Security Hub
  * does not have a feature to "enable security standards for NIST and PCI DSS