# Question 838
## Question
* A company is running a highly sensitive application on Amazon EC2 backed by an Amazon RDS database. Compliance regulations mandate that all personally identifiable information (PII) be *encrypted at rest*.
* Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of changes to the infrastructure?

## Option
* A.Deploy AWS Certificate Manager to generate certificates. Use the certificates to encrypt the database volume.
* B.Deploy AWS CloudHSM, generate encryption keys, and use the keys to encrypt database volumes.
* C.Configure SSL encryption using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt database volumes.
* D.Configure Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) encryption and Amazon RDS encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt instance and database volumes.

## Answer
* D. Configure Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) encryption and Amazon RDS encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt instance and database volumes.

## Explanation
1. A. Deploy *AWS Certificate Manager* to generate certificates. Use the certificates to encrypt the database volume.
   * AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) is used for provisioning, managing, and deploying SSL/TLS certificates for securing data in transit.
   * Not for encrypted data on database volumes
2. B. Deploy *AWS CloudHSM*, generate encryption keys, and use the keys to encrypt database volumes.
   * AWS CloudHSM is a Hardware Security Module (HSM) service that gives you exclusive control over your encryption keys. While it can be used for encryption, it is a high-cost, high-overhead solution designed for very specific and stringent compliance requirements
3. C. Configure SSL encryption using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt database volumes.
   * SSL is for data in transit, and while AWS KMS can manage keys for both, the primary mechanism for encrypting data at rest is not SSL.
4. D. Configure Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) encryption and Amazon RDS encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt instance and database volumes.
   * Amazon EBS encryption is the standard and recommended way to encrypt the data volumes attached to Amazon EC2 instances. When you enable EBS encryption, the data at rest on the volume and all data moving between the instance and the volume are encrypted. 
   * Amazon RDS encryption is a native feature that allows you to encrypt your entire database instance, including the underlying storage, backups, read replicas, and snapshots. It also uses AWS KMS keys
